Refactor as "Stable Formatting" (#10)
eemeli/proposal-intl-root-locale: README.md

# Stable Formatting

> A TC-39 proposal to provide well-defined and powerful formatting methods.

Reviewer: what does `powerful` mean here? What value it adds?

Reviewer 2: How about:

> A TC39 proposal to bring stable Intl-inspired formatting options to ECMAScript

Author: That works.

```suggestion
A TC-39 proposal to bring stable Intl-inspired formatting options to ECMAScript.
```
